Players/Garland Churchwater.md, before:

![[Garland Churchwater Portrait.png]]

Woodlander Elf-Touched Trapper 
Why are you on the road? Seeking a prosthetic body for Mother

Was in prison on [[GOLO]] for smuggling necrotic contraband

Elf Touched means those that have been touched by elves. It sucks the life force out of them and turns them into zombies. Garland is hunting down Elf-touched (zombies) and taking their remains and selling them. He thinks he can turn one of these hosts into a viable host for Mother. Among the requirements for this host is that it can't be human. 

The Undead Wars that ravaged the area were hordes of Elf Touched (or at least they were among them). 

Garland has a scar that shows he was part of the Undead Wars. On his forearm he has tattoos made of rare ink & voamish wires. These tattoos/augments are associated with the same shit used in that cloak Danton found that would make him invisible to the Undead.

What kind of Zombies are they? When they turn into a zombie it is an incubation period. Eventually they turn into Elves and they can turn folks. The Elves are akin to the White Walkers from Game of Thrones.

See Glossary from Ultraviolet Grasslands--The Elves are called The Ling (also see glossary). Think of the phasing that comes with Wizard Bone.

-- The brick is likely "mother"

#### Abilities
Slack Master - During a Short Rest, gain an extra +1D6 LIFE. During a Long Rest, you may take all 3 rest actions, even on the road.

Foreign Object - Once per session, gain 1 XP by making an embarrassing social blunder or blatantly ignoring social norms.

#### Epic Gear
* Green Brick with the light and warmth of a Candle

#### Skills

Circus Acrobat
Shadow Merchant (maybe he literally traps shadows)

#### Vedas


#### Events


#### Quotes

Commit message:

dec-01
First start of session notes.

Players/Garland Churchwater.md, after:

![[Garland Churchwater Portrait.png]]

Woodlander Elf-Touched Trapper 
Why are you on the road? Seeking a prosthetic body for Mother

Was in prison on [[GOLO]] for smuggling necrotic contraband

Elf Touched means those that have been touched by elves. It sucks the life force out of them and turns them into zombies. Garland is hunting down Elf-touched (zombies) and taking their remains and selling them. He thinks he can turn one of these hosts into a viable host for Mother. Among the requirements for this host is that it can't be human. 

The Undead Wars that ravaged the area were hordes of Elf Touched (or at least they were among them). 

Garland has a scar that shows he was part of the Undead Wars. On his forearm he has tattoos made of rare ink & voamish wires. These tattoos/augments are associated with the same shit used in that cloak Danton found that would make him invisible to the Undead.

What kind of Zombies are they? When they turn into a zombie it is an incubation period. Eventually they turn into Elves and they can turn folks. The Elves are akin to the White Walkers from Game of Thrones.

See Glossary from Ultraviolet Grasslands--The Elves are called The Ling (also see glossary). Think of the phasing that comes with Wizard Bone.

-- The brick is likely "mother"

#### Abilities
Slack Master - During a Short Rest, gain an extra +1D6 LIFE. During a Long Rest, you may take all 3 rest actions, even on the road.

Foreign Object - Once per session, gain 1 XP by making an embarrassing social blunder or blatantly ignoring social norms.

#### Epic Gear
* Green Brick with the light and warmth of a Candle

#### Skills

Circus Acrobat
Shadow Merchant (maybe he literally traps shadows)

#### Vedas


#### Events
Got wounded trying to stop a runaway Glasshorn and cart during [[First Time in the Secret Oasis]]

#### Quotes
